NLP and DL for Education SaaS.
Extensively went through different techniques and Approaches.
1. TF-IDF (Term Frequency- Inverse Documents Frequency)
>How relevant a word is to a document or a collection of documents.
>Multiplying 2 metrices , how a word appears in a document , and the inverse document frequency of the word across a set of documents.
>Important in automated text analysis, and NLP.

How is TF-IDF calculated?
(a) term frequency
(b) inverse document frequency

Why is TF-IDF used in Machine Learning?
> text vectorization is a fundamental step in the process of machine learning for analyzing data.
>TF-IDF score can be fed to algorithms such as Naive Bayes and Support Vector Machines
Method 2:
RAKE (Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction):
>uses a list of stopwords and phrase delimiters to detect the most relevant words or phrases in a piece of text.
>split the text into a list of words and remove stopwords from that list. This returns a list of what is known as content words.

Method 3:
Graph-based Approaches:
>The most popular graph-based approach is the TextRank model.
>A text can be represented as a graph in different ways. Words can be considered vertices that are connected by a directed edge.

Method 4:
Machine Learning Approaches:
>used for many text analysis tasks, including keyword extraction.
>transforming data into vectors (a collection of numbers with encoded data), which contain the different features that are representative of a text.
>different ML algorithms that can be used to extract the most relevant keywords in a text, including Support Vector Machines (SVM) and deep learning.
(A)Conditional Random Fields:
>learns patterns by weighting different features in a sequence of words present in a text.
>This approach considers context and relationships between different variables in order to make its predictions.
>conditional random fields allows you to create complex and rich patterns.
>advantage of this approach is its capacity to generalize: once the model has been trained with examples from a certain domain, it can easily apply what it has learned to other fields.

Method 5:
Hybrid Approaches:
>In order to get better results when extracting relevant keywords from text, you can combine two or more of the approaches that we’ve mentioned so far.

How the task should go and steps involved in it.
Steps :
1) Clean your text (remove punctuations and stop words).
2) Tokenize the text.
3) Stem the tokens.
4) Find the TF(term frequency) for each unique stemmed token present.
5) Rank the stemmed tokens(keywords) using TF*IDF (IDF - Inverse Document Frequency).

Time Required for doing this task would take more than 3 months. We need to see which method and approach works better for our problem.

